How do you feel about the world around you today?
What's the best thing that happened to you this week?
What's the worst thing that happened to you this week?
What's the best thing that happened to you this past week?
What do you think is the most important thing in life and why?
What do you think is the best thing about you?
What's your favorite way to spend time with friends?
What do you think makes a good friend? Do you've any close friends who embody this quality in their personality or behavior? In what ways?
Do you regret any romantic relationships from your past? Why or why not?
How do you feel about your family?
How close are you to your family?
What're things that make your heart heavy?
Who's the most important person in your life?
Are you satisfied with your career?
How do you usually feel when you're at work?
What's your dream job?
What's your favorite thing to do in your free time?
What's one thing that makes you feel good?
What do you think about when you're alone?
When have you felt the freest?
When do you feel most trapped?
What're the things that give your life meaning and purpose?
What do you like about your city/the place you live now?
How would you describe your life in one sentence?
What's something you're proud of?
What does a good day look like for you?
Where do you think life will take you in 10 years?
Who's someone who inspires you and why?
Who's a person who's made a difference in your life? Why has he or she made a difference? What impact did he or she make in your life, and what impact is he or she still making today?
Who do you miss the most?
What's your favorite song right now? And why?
What're three things that make you happy right now?
What're three things that make you sad right now?
What're three things that make you angry right now?
What's one thing that makes you uncomfortable?
What's one thing you're happy about right now?
What do you think is the hardest thing about being human?
If there were no consequences, what would you do differently?
When was the last time you cried?
What's the most beautiful thing you've ever seen?
What do you think about when you look up at the sky?
How does it feel to be alive in that moment?
What makes you feel like yourself?
What would your life be like if you didn't worry about money?
What would it be if you had to describe yourself in one word?
What was one of the most important lessons from your childhood that made you who you're today?
What's the most important lesson you've learned in your life?
What do you think is the best way to live a good life?
How have you positively shaped your life?
What's the most beautiful thing about you?
What do you love most about your life?
Describe your three greatest accomplishments and why they are so important to you.
What would it be if you could go back in time and change one thing in your life?
Who'd that be if you could've one person in the world take care of everything else for you?
What three changes can you make to live by your values?
What's made you stressed, anxious, or depressed lately? How do you feel now that you've gotten that off your chest?
How do you picture yourself when you think of yourself as a successful person?
Do you take full responsibility for yourself and your life as it's today?
What would happen if you permitted yourself to realize your dreams and desires?
What small steps can you take to get closer to your dream?
What're the most important milestones in your life journey so far?
Make a list of small or unexpected things that have helped you along your life's journey.
Do you have a deeper need to learn more about who you are at your core and soul level?
How do you deal with your emotions, and how could you better control them?
Do you have a hidden talent or something about you that surprises others when you tell them?
With whom or in what situations do you slip into a mask or embody a different personality?
What're things you like about yourself that others seem to criticize about you?
How do you think you come across others when trying to hide your feelings?
When was the last time you sat down and listened to someone intending to understand and not just respond?
Who'd you like to have a closer relationship with, and what could you do to develop that relationship?
What would it be if you could say something to your parents without consequence?
What makes you feel good when other people say or do it?
Do you have similar traits or characteristics that you share with your parents or caregivers from your childhood?
When was the last time you felt completely at ease and at peace with yourself?
What would it look like to accept where you're in life?
What's your earliest memory?
What do you wish you'd known when you were younger?
What's the best advice anyone has ever given you?
What situations in your community, country, or world hurt or confuse you?
How can you contribute to the healing and suffering you see positively?
How can you show yourself compassion and understanding to forgive yourself?
When you're having a hard day, what do you do to cope, and why does it help you?
When you meet someone for the first time, what's the first thing you notice about them?
Is there a dream or goal that you keep pushing aside? Why don't you manage to achieve it? How are you going to do it this time?
Do you regret how you've lived your life so far? What can you learn from these regrets?
What's your greatest fear?
Imagine your greatest fear coming true. How would you feel about your future life?
If you could be any animal, which one would you be and why?
If you could spend a day with any person in history, who'd it be and why?
Do you believe in fate? Why or why not?
Who'd it be and why if you could trade lives with anyone?
What's the best gift someone has given you?
What's the worst gift you've ever received?
What's your favorite thing to do on a Friday night?
What's your favorite thing to do on a Saturday morning?
What's one thing everyone should know about themselves before they die (or, if possible, before they die)?
What was the last book you read? How did you like it?
What would you do if you had a million dollars? A billion dollars?
Would you rather have all the money in the world but no friends or have no money but live forever with your best friend?
If you could travel back in time, where would you go and why?
Who'd it be and why if you had the chance to spend a whole day with someone from history?
If you could have a superpower, what would it be and why?
Would it be better or worse if we all had more time?
If you could spend just one more day with someone who died, who'd that be, and what would you do together?
Do you think we're all connected as human beings? Why or why not?
Do you have a favorite movie or show on TV? And why?
Describe in detail your dream home/apartment/living situation.
What do you think is the meaning of life (or existence)?
What would it be and why if you could change one thing about yourself?
What gives you a sense of security?
Which celebrity reminds you most of yourself (and why)?
What do you think about when you try to fall asleep?
What do you wish more people knew about you?
How can we help each other better?
What do you think is the most important quality of a good parent?
What's the worst thing about being an adult?
What's the best way to achieve your dreams?
What do you want to do before you die?
Are there things that make you feel like a kid again? If so, what're they?
What do you think is your greatest strength? What is your greatest weakness?
If you had a choice between living forever and being able to see all the beauty in the world, which would you choose?
What makes a person beautiful in your eyes?
How do you define success in your life?
Do you have a secret talent or ability?
What're you most passionate about right now?
What's your worst habit?
What's your favorite quote?
What're three things you can't live without?
What makes you feel like you've made a difference in the world?
What's the best way to make someone else happy?
What's the biggest risk you've ever taken?
What makes you feel most alive?
Would you describe yourself as an introvert or an extrovert? And why?
What would you like to be remembered for?
What does 'home' mean to you?
Who're you most grateful for?
How can you become more confident?
How can you be more empathetic to others?
How can you become more authentic in your life and in your relationships with others, especially family and friends?
If you could tell your younger self anything, what would it be?
When was the last time you felt truly happy with where you're in life, and why?
What're your most important goals in life? How can you achieve them?
When did you feel the happiest in your life? Why?
In the past, what coping skills and strategies have you used? Were they healthy or unhealthy?
What is one thing you've learned this past year? How did you learn it?
What is one thing you've learned this past month? How is it helpful?
Make a list of life lessons you would tell yourself 5 years ago.
What goals have you accomplished that you are particularly proud of?
What is something tough you've overcome? Write about that experience.
If you could change your past, would you? Why or why not?
If you would change your past, what parts would you change? Why?
What was your favorite hobby as a child? Do you still enjoy it?
Write a letter to your child self.
What goals did you have for the last year? Do you still want the same things?
Write about some of your favorite memories. Who's there? What are you doing? Why are they special?
When was the last time you showed yourself deep self-care?
What did you want your life to look like as a kid? Do you still have the same dreams?
What was your dream job growing up? Is it still something you'd enjoy?
What are some of the biggest mistakes you've made? What'd you learn?
What past experiences are you most thankful for? Why?
What was important to you 5 years ago that no longer is? How come? What's changed?
Write a letter to your past self.
What's the bravest thing you've done? What'd you get out of it?
Where is your favorite place you've been? Why?
What people make you feel the most comfortable? Why?
What life skills/soft skills have you built (ie. self-care, communication skills, time management)? How do those serve you?
Write about a time you stepped out of your comfort zone. What did it bring you?
How do you feel at this moment? Explain.
Overall, do you see yourself as a happy person? Why or why not?
What are 3 ways you can care for yourself this week?
What everyday habits make you feel the best? List at least 10.
What are your current goals for personal growth?
What are your current career goals? How are you working towards them?
What are your current life goals? How are you working towards them?
What are your daily non-negotiables? Do they align with your goals?
What are your top priorities in life right now? Why are they important?
Do you often feel excited or motivated for your days? Why or why not?
How do you 'fill your cup'?
What drives you? What do you feel passionate about?
If you could describe this phase of life in one word, what would it be? Why?
Do you have healthy daily habits? What are they?
What healthy daily habits could you incorporate into your day?
What's your proudest moment from this past month?
How can you celebrate yourself more?
Do you feel loved by yourself?
Do you feel loved by the people around you?
Who inspires you right now? Why?
Do you feel supported in your life? Who is your support system?
What relationships fulfill you? Why? What characteristics of those relationships feel fulfilling?
What relationships drain you? Why? What characteristics of those relationships feel unhealthy?
Where do you need to practice setting boundaries in your current life?
How can you add joy to your everyday life? (See this list of everyday simple pleasures for ideas!)
Do you practice self-care often? Why or why not?
What gets in the way of your happiness?
Which aspects of your life feel good right now? Why?
Which aspects of your life do you wish you could change? Why?
Write out your current daily routine. What parts do you enjoy? What parts do you not enjoy?
Do you feel happy? Reflect.
Do you have anything distracting you currently? Why?
What is your favorite part of life right now?
Are there worries that keep you up at night? What are they?
Describe yourself using 5 words. Explain why.
Where would you like to see yourself in 5 years?
Look at the 7 areas of life. What goals do you have for each area?
Create a bucket list for your next milestone birthday. (ie. 20, 25, 30, 35…)
What self-improvement goals do you have for yourself?
If you could change one thing about your life what would it be? Why?
How do you think you could change the thing mentioned above?
What career goals do you have?
What do you wish for your life 10 years from now?
Describe your 'dream life' in detail.
Write out an ideal day in your life.
Set 101 goals for the next 1001 days.
How can you change today that will get you closer to your dream life?
What do you think would make your life happier? Why?
What goals do you have for your relationships?
Set 3 main goals for the next year. Explain why these matter to you.
Break down your 3 main goals into 3 smaller goals each. (ie. 'Improve my mental health' could be broken into 'less social media', 'drink more water', 'go to therapy'.)
What does your ideal home look like? Where is it? Who's in it with you?
Make a manifestation list for attracting your dream life.
What are 5 bad habits that hold you back?
What are 5 good habits you want to build?
If you continued life as you are right now, where will you be in 5 years? Are you happy with that?
If not happy with the above result, what changes can you make today to get you closer to where you want to be?
Write down positive affirmations that inspire you. How can you incorporate these into your life moving forward?
What dreams do you want to pursue in the next year? Pick 3 specific ones.
Write out an ideal morning routine. How can you shift your current routine to look more like this?
Write out an ideal night routine. Do you need relaxation? Productivity? A mix?
Write a letter to your future self.
What makes you feel hopeful and optimistic for the future?
What worries or doubts do you have about the future?
Do you admire any qualities in others that you'd like to adopt yourself? How can you do so?
What do you want to be remembered for when you are gone? Why?
Make a list of your core values. How can you live more in alignment with them?
How can you push yourself in the next year? What makes you feel out of your comfort zone?
What growth do you want to see in the next year?
How can you improve your physical health?
How can you improve your mental health?
What keeps you going when you lack motivation?
Write about your 'why's behind your goals. Why do you want the things you are working towards?
Brain dump all the goals you have for yourself. No commitment – just get them on paper.