Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
I've missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life, and that is why I succeed.
Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
Only the paranoid survive.
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up.
I wake up every morning and think to myself, ‘How far can I push this company in the next 24 hours.'
If people are doubting how far you can go, go so far that you can't hear them anymore.
We need to accept that we won't always make the right decisions, that we'll screw up royally sometimes―understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it's part of success.
Write it. Shoot it. Publish it. Crochet it. Sauté it. Whatever. MAKE.
We cannot solve problems with the kind of thinking we employed when we came up with them.
Learn as if you will live forever, live like you will die tomorrow.
Stay away from those people who try to disparage your ambitions. Small minds will always do that, but great minds will give you a feeling that you can become great too.
When you give joy to other people, you get more joy in return. You should give a good thought to happiness that you can give out.
When you change your thoughts, remember to also change your world.
It is only when we take chances, when our lives improve. The initial and the most difficult risk that we need to take is to become honest.
Nature has given us all the pieces required to achieve exceptional wellness and health, but has left it to us to put these pieces together.
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy looking for it.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
Nothing in the world can take the place of Persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. The slogan 'Press On' has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race.
There are three ways to ultimate success: The first way is to be kind. The second way is to be kind. The third way is to be kind.
Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable.
I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.
Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today.
You learn more from failure than from success. Don't let it stop you. Failure builds character.
If you are working on something that you really care about, you don't have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards.
To know how much there is to know is the beginning of learning to live.
Goal setting is the secret to a compelling future.
Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work in hand. The sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
I'm a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.
When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.
It's not about better time management. It's about better life management.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma – which is living with the results of other people's thinking.
If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor.
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough.
If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success.
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched — they must be felt with the heart.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose.
If life were predictable it would cease to be life and be without flavor.
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.
Life is never fair, and perhaps it is a good thing for most of us that it is not.
The only impossible journey is the one you never begin.
In this life we cannot do great things. We can only do small things with great love.
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.
The purpose of our lives is to be happy.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
May you live all the days of your life.
Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale.
Do not let making a living prevent you from making a life.
Life is ours to be spent, not to be saved.
Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.
Life is a long lesson in humility.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
Love the life you live. Live the life you love.
Life is made of ever so many partings welded together.
Life is trying things to see if they work.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time.
The secret of success is to do the common thing uncommonly well.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won't. It's whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere.
Don't be distracted by criticism. Remember — the only taste of success some people get is to take a bite out of you.
I never dreamed about success, I worked for it.
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they don't quit.
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don't wish it were easier; wish you were better.
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.
I failed my way to success.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to success is more important than any other one thing.
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
You know you are on the road to success if you would do your job and not be paid for it.
If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work.
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it — teach yourself to be impatient.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success.
People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy.
You miss % of the shots you don't take.
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right.
I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear.
I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, ‘I'm possible!'
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is.
You become what you believe.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
An unexamined life is not worth living.
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
Dream big and dare to fail.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
Life is % what happens to me and % of how I react to it.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.
I didn't fail the test. I just found  ways to do it wrong.
If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on.
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse.
I would rather die of passion than of boredom.
Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
First, have a definite, clear practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end.
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
The secret of change is to focus all of your energy not on fighting the old, but on building the new
Since we cannot change reality, let us change the eyes which see reality.
There is nothing permanent except change.
Our dilemma is that we hate change and love it at the same time; what we really want is for things to remain the same but get better.
Change is the law of life, and those who look only to the past and present are certain to miss the future
The measure of intelligence is the ability to change
If you can't fly, then run. If you can't run, then walk. If you can't walk, then crawl. But whatever you do, you have to keep moving forward
If I'd asked my customers what they wanted, they'd have said ‘Don't change anything.'
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the waters to create many ripples.
Change is inevitable. Growth is optional.
In order to change the world, you have to get your head together first.
A small group of thoughtful people could change the world. Indeed, it's the only thing that ever has.
How wonderful is it that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
One child, one teacher, one pen, and one book can change the world
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude
The price of doing the same old thing is far higher than the price of change.
Don't let rejection create self-doubt. The founder of Starbucks was turned down by 217 of the 242 investors he initially spoke with.
Things don't have to change the world to be important
Every day the clock resets. Your wins don't matter. Your failures don't matter. Don't stress on what was, fight for what could be.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
What's dangerous is not to evolve.
Change in all things is sweet.
Miracles happen every day, change your perception of what a miracle is and you'll see them all around you.
You've done it before and you can do it now. See the positive possibilities. Redirect the substantial energy of your frustration and turn it into positive, effective, unstoppable determination.
Just take any step, whether small or large. And then another and repeat day after day. It may take months, maybe years, but the path to success will become clear
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.
If your startup builds a room full of pessimists and you have one optimist at the table, then I think you're in the wrong business. But the other way around is invaluable and necessary
There is nothing permanent except change.
If you know what you want to achieve in life, then you are more inspired to change for the better.
Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one.
In order to design a future of positive change, we must first become expert at changing our minds.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Play to your strengths. If you aren't great at something, do more of what you're great at.
You build on failure. You use it as a stepping stone. Close the door on the past. You don't try to forget the mistakes, but you don't dwell on it. You don't let it have any of your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space.
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing -- that's why we recommend it daily.
Someday is not a day of the week.
Hire character. Train skill.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
Sales are contingent upon the attitude of the salesman -- not the attitude of the prospect.
Everyone lives by selling something.
If you are not taking care of your customer, your competitor will.
The golden rule for every businessman is this: Put yourself in your customer's place.
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
The best leaders are those most interested in surrounding themselves with assistants and associates smarter than they are. They are frank in admitting this and are willing to pay for such talents.
Beware of monotony; it's the mother of all the deadly sins.
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else.
Without a customer, you don't have a business -- all you have is a hobby.
To be most effective in sales today, it's imperative to drop your 'sales' mentality and start working with your prospects as if they've already hired you.
Pretend that every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, 'Make me feel important.' Not only will you succeed in sales, you will succeed in life.
It's not just about being better. It's about being different. You need to give people a reason to choose your business.
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
Be patient with yourself. Self-growth is tender; it's holy ground. There's no greater investment.
Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far.
Working hard for something we don't care about is called stressed; working hard for something we love is called passion.
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done.
I didn't get there by wishing for it or hoping for it, but by working for it.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
The key to life is accepting challenges. Once someone stops doing this, he's dead.
Move out of your comfort zone. You can only grow if you are willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.
How dare you settle for less when the world has made it so easy for you to be remarkable?
Energy and persistence conquer all things.
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.
Grit is that ‘extra something' that separates the most successful people from the rest. It's the passion, perseverance, and stamina that we must channel in order to stick with our dreams until they become a reality.
Failure after long perseverance is much grander than never to have a striving good enough to be called a failure.
The secret of joy in work is contained in one word -- excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.
Formula for success: rise early, work hard, strike oil.
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
It is your determination and persistence that will make you a successful person.
You can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them.
Determine that the thing can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way.
Done is better than perfect.
Don't ask if your dream is crazy, ask if it's crazy enough.
The act of doing something un-does the fear.
Be poor, humble and driven (PhD). Don't be afraid to shift or pivot.
#1 make good decisions, #2 everything else.
When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go.